want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend someone could get
hurt
ponch and Jon reunite to hit the highway
for action and misadventure in the
comedy tip based on the iconic TV show
very folksy tune in life an alien
creature that astronauts discover on
Mars may be the gem of Amarra voyage but
it could you five are the Power Rangers
it's morphin time Power Rangers gives
those classic 90s characters a modern
twist as a group of high schoolers with
superpowers must save the world see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]